com/locopk/client/rs/DummyClass
cache: null

com/locopk/client/rs/FileOperations
TotalRead: null
TotalWrite: null
CompleteWrite: null

com/locopk/client/rs/NPC
headIcon: null
npcType: null
entityDef: 133

com/locopk/client/rs/SpotAnim
lastGfx: null
cacheIndex: null
anInt400: null
gfxList: null
gfxListOSRS: null
gfxId: null
modelId: null
animationId: null
linkedAnimation: null
recolorFind: null
recolorReplace: null
resizeX: null
resizeY: null
rotation: null
ambient: null
contrast: null
aMRUNodes_415: null

com/locopk/client/rs/RSFont
normalFont: null
fontPixels: null
characterWidths: null
characterHeights: null
characterDrawXOffsets: null
characterDrawYOffsets: null
characterScreenWidths: null
anInt1497: null
aRandom1498: null
aBoolean1499: null

com/locopk/client/CacheDownloader
client: null
NET_BUFFER: null
VERSION: null
SPRITEVERSION: null
CACHE_FILE: null
SPRITE_FILE: null
CACHE_ZIP_COUNT: null
DATA_ZIP_COUNT: null
SPRITE_ZIP_COUNT: null
cacheDir: null
spriteDir: null
currentFile: null
corruptedCaches: null
cacheTask: null
spritesTask: null

com/locopk/client/rs/OnDemandFetcherParent

com/locopk/client/settings/PersonalSettings$1
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/rs/DrawingArea
pixels: null
width: null
height: null
topY: null
bottomY: null
topX: null
bottomX: null
centerX: null
centerY: null
anInt1387: null

com/locopk/client/settings/PersonalSettings$3
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Animable
aClass33Array1425: 133
modelHeight: 133

com/locopk/client/rs/Class13
aClass32_305: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Client$1
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/settings/PersonalSettings$2
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/settings/PersonalSettings$5
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/settings/PersonalSettings$4
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/settings/PersonalSettings$6
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/rs/OnDemandFetcher
mapAmount: null
i1: null
totalFiles: null
requested: null
anInt1332: null
statusString: null
writeLoopCycle: null
openSocketTime: null
mapIndices3: null
crc32: null
ioBuffer: null
onDemandCycle: null
fileStatus: null
clientInstance: null
aClass19_1344: null
completedSize: null
expectedSize: null
anIntArray1348: null
anInt1349: null
mapIndices2: null
filesLoaded: null
running: null
outputStream: null
mapIndices4: null
waiting: null
aClass19_1358: null
gzipInputBuffer: null
anIntArray1360: null
nodeSubList: null
inputStream: null
socket: null
crcs: null
uncompletedCount: null
completedCount: null
current: null
aClass19_1370: null
mapIndices1: null
modelIndices: null
loopCycle: null

com/locopk/client/settings/IdentifySettings
USER_KEY1_0: null
USER_KEY2_0: null
USER_KEY3_0: null
MENU_STYLE: null
DISPLAYHP_OVERLAY: null
NEWDAMAGE: null
HITMARKS: null
MODELS: null
HITBAR: null
FREEZETIMER: null
OLDOPTION: null
DRAWXPBAR: null
DRAWXPCOLOR: null
DRAWXPGROUP: null
DRAWXPPOSITION: null
DRAWXPHIT: null
HIDE_BH: null
XPMODIFIER: null
FAVOURITE_WORLD: null
AUTOSCREENSHOT: null
ATTACK_NPC: null
ATTACK_PLAYER: null
MOUSE_ZOOM: null
BOLDXP: null
MAGIC_SPLASH: null
DRAWXPDROPS: null
HOTKEY_SETTINGS: null
CLOSE_ESC: null
STANDARD_BRIGHTNESS: null
opcode: null
protectContent: null
$VALUES: null

com/locopk/client/content/CustomisableHotKeys$ChildTabKeyRelation
COMBAT_TAB: null
SKILLS_TAB: null
QUEST_TAB: null
INVENTORY_TAB: null
EQUIPMENT_TAB: null
PRAYER_TAB: null
SPELLBOOK_TAB: null
LOGOUT_TAB: null
FRIENDS_TAB: null
IGNORE_TAB: null
SETTINGS_TAB: null
EMOTES_TAB: null
CLANCHAT_TAB: null
PLACEHOLDER_TAB: null
childId: null
tabId: null
keyCode: null
VALUES: null
$VALUES: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Animation
OSRS_REVISION: null
OLD_REVISION: null
NEW_REVISION: null
anims: null
animsOsrs: null
OSRS_ANIM_FIXES: null
HAS_WEAPON: null
LAST_ANIMATIONS: null
SPAM_FILTER: null
animFill: null
revision: null
animId: null
cacheIndex: null
frameLength: null
anIntArray353: null
anIntArray354: null
anIntArray355: null
anInt356: null
anIntArray357: null
oneSquaredAnimation: null
priorityIndex: null
rightHandItem: null
leftHandItem: null
anInt362: null
anInt363: null
anInt364: null
anInt365: null
anInt367: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Class11
anInt290: null
anInt291: null
anInt292: null
anInt293: null
anIntArrayArray294: null

com/locopk/client/rs/NamedArchive
aByteArray726: null
dataSize: null
anIntArray728: null
anIntArray729: null
anIntArray730: null
anIntArray731: null
aBoolean732: null

com/locopk/client/rs/TextDrawingArea
baseCharacterHeight: null
anInt4142: null
anInt4144: null
characterDrawYOffsets: null
characterHeights: null
characterDrawXOffsets: null
characterWidths: null
iconWidths: null
aByteArray4151: null
fontPixels: null
characterScreenWidths: null
chatImages: null
aRSString_4135: null
startTransparency: null
startDefaultShadow: null
endShadow: null
endEffect: null
aRSString_4143: null
endStrikethrough: null
aRSString_4147: null
startColor: null
lineBreak: null
startStrikethrough: null
endColor: null
startImage: null
endUnderline: null
defaultStrikethrough: null
startShadow: null
startEffect: null
aRSString_4162: null
aRSString_4163: null
endTransparency: null
aRSString_4165: null
startUnderline: null
startDefaultUnderline: null
aRSString_4169: null
splitTextStrings: null
defaultColor: null
textShadowColor: null
strikethroughColor: null
defaultTransparency: null
anInt4175: null
underlineColor: null
defaultShadow: null
anInt4178: null
transparency: null
textColor: null

com/locopk/client/rs/RSMenuItem
sprite: null
text: null

com/locopk/client/CommandBinds
binds: null

com/locopk/client/rs/NodeSubList
head: null
current: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Skills
skillsCount: null
skillNames: null
skillEnabled: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Decompressor
buffer: null
dataFile: null
indexFile: null
anInt311: null

com/locopk/client/rs/CreateUID
firstId: null
secondId: null
mac: null

com/locopk/client/rs/StreamLoader
aByteArray726: null
dataSize: null
anIntArray728: null
anIntArray729: null
dialogueModels0: null
dialogueModels1: null
aBoolean732: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Class29
anInt535: null
anIntArray536: null
anIntArray537: null
anInt538: null
anInt539: null
anInt540: null
anInt541: null
anInt542: null
anInt543: null
anInt544: null
anInt545: null
anInt546: null

com/locopk/client/lib/HttpUtils

com/locopk/client/rs/ItemDef
BLACK_FIX: null
equipActions: null
aByte154: null
value: null
editedModelColor: null
id: 266
mruNodes1: null
mruNodes2: null
newModelColor: null
membersObject: null
anInt162: null
notedTemplate: null
anInt164: null
equipModelId: null
anInt166: null
resizeX: null
groundActions: null
modelOffset1: null
name: null
cache: null
anInt173: null
inventoryModel: null
anInt175: null
stackable: null
description: null
notedId: null
modelZoom: null
isMembers: null
stream474: null
streamOSRS: null
contrast: null
anInt185: null
anInt188: null
itemActions: null
modelRotationY: null
resizeZ: null
resizeY: null
stackIDs: null
modelOffset2: null
streamIndices474: null
streamIndicesOSRS: null
ambient: null
anInt197: null
modelRotationX: null
femaleEquipModelId: null
stackAmounts: null
team: null
totalItems474: null
totalItemsOSRS: null
anInt204: null
aByte205: null
lendID: null
lentItemID: null
dataIndex: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Player
dontPrioritizeForNow: null
friendsUpdate: null
inFriends: null
ignoresUpdate: null
inIgnore: null
clanUpdate: null
inClan: null
eloVisibility: null
elo: null
longName: null
playerRights: null
prioritizePlayer: null
lastPrioritizePlayer: null
playerId: null
aLong1697: null
desc: null
aBoolean1699: null
anIntArray1700: null
team: null
anInt1702: null
name: null
mruNodes: null
combatLevel: null
headIcon: null
skullIcon: null
hintIcon: null
anInt1707: null
anInt1708: null
anInt1709: null
visible: null
anInt1711: null
anInt1712: null
anInt1713: null
aModel_1714: null
anInt1715: null
equipment: null
aLong1718: null
anInt1719: null
anInt1720: null
anInt1721: null
anInt1722: null
skill: null
loyaltyRank: null

com/locopk/client/rs/rsinterface/RSInterface
c: 9044
decremented: null
linkedId: null
ZOOMSWITCH_CONFIGID: null
ZOOM_MODE: null
done: null
hideChild: null
boxIds: null
sprite1: null
runeChildren: null
drawBlackBox: null
rsInterfaceFont: null
itemSpriteId1: null
itemSpriteId2: null
itemSpriteZoom1: null
itemSpriteZoom2: null
itemSpriteIndex: null
greyScale: null
orginalRequiredValue: null
summoningLevelRequirements: null
pouchItems: null
scrollItems: null
scrollNames: null
pouchNames: null
pointAmount: null
textLines: null
musicText: null
f: 6783
f2: null
amountActions: null
actionsInfo: null
aClass44: null
drawsTransparent: null
hoverText: null
popupString: null
newScroller: null
inventoryhover: null
fonts: null
disabledSprite: null
animationDelay: null
sprites: null
aByte254: null
isMouseoverTriggered: null
textShadow: null
anInt216: null
textDrawingAreas: null
centerText: null
type: null
textColor: null
anInt219: null
message: null
anInt21so6: null
aString228: null
mOverInterToTrigger: null
interfaceCache: null
requiredValues: null
contentType: null
spritesX: null
disabledHoverColor: null
atActionType: null
spellName: null
enabledColor: null
width: null
tooltip: null
selectedActionName: null
textCentered: null
scrollPosition: null
itemActions: null
valueIndexArray: null
boxFilled: null
enabledMessage: null
hoverType: null
invSpritePadX: null
disabledColor: null
disabledMediaType: null
disabledMediaID: null
deletesTargetSlot: null
parentID: null
hideButton: null
hideTooltip: null
spellUsableOn: null
spriteNodes: null
enabledHoverColor: null
children: null
childX: null
usableItemInterface: null
rsFonts: null
invSpritePadY: null
valueCompareType: null
animationLength: null
spritesY: null
disabledMessage: null
isInventoryInterface: null
id: 266
inventoryValue: null
inventory: null
opacity: null
enabledMediaType: null
enabledMediaID: null
disabledAnimation: null
enabledAnimation: null
allowSwapItems: null
enabledSprite: null
scrollMax: null
interfaceType: null
aBoolean266: null
xOffset: null
aBoolean235: null
aBoolean259: null
modelNodes: null
aBoolean227: null
aBoolean251: null
yOffset: null
interfaceShown: null
height: null
textShadowed: null
modelZoom: null
modelRotationY: null
modelRotationX: null
childY: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Class21
aByteArray368: null
anInt369: null
anInt370: null
anInt371: null
anInt372: null
anInt373: null
anInt374: null
anInt375: null
anInt376: null
anInt377: null
anInt378: null
anInt379: null
anInt380: null
anInt381: null
anInt382: null
anInt383: null
anInt384: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Texture
smoothShading: null
TEXTURE_LEN: null
anInt1459: null
lowMem: null
aBoolean1462: null
aBoolean1463: null
aBoolean1464: null
anInt1465: null
textureInt1: null
textureInt2: null
anIntArray1468: null
anIntArray1469: null
anIntArray1470: null
anIntArray1471: null
anIntArray1472: null
anInt1473: null
aBackgroundArray1474s: null
aBooleanArray1475: null
anIntArray1476: null
anInt1477: null
anIntArrayArray1478: null
anIntArrayArray1479: null
anIntArray1480: null
anInt1481: null
anIntArray1482: null
anIntArrayArray1483: null

com/locopk/client/content/CustomisableHotKeys$3

com/locopk/client/rs/OnDemandData
dataType: null
buffer: null
ID: null
incomplete: null
loopCycle: null

com/locopk/client/rs/RSApplet
pressingControl: null
focus: null
listenersAdded: null
mouseWheelX: null
mouseWheelY: null
mouseWheelDown: null
pressingShift: null
anInt4: null
delayTime: null
minDelay: null
aLongArray7: null
fps: null
myWidth: null
myHeight: null
graphics: null
fullGameScreen: null
shouldClearScreen: null
awtFocus: null
idleTime: null
clickMode2: null
mouseX: null
mouseY: null
clickMode1: null
clickX: null
ClientSize: null
ClientWidth: null
ClientHeight: null
clickY: null
clickTime: null
clickMode3: null
saveClickX: null
saveClickY: null
aLong29: null
keyArray: null
charQueue: null
readIndex: null
writeIndex: null
anInt34: null

com/locopk/client/Gui
frameTheme: null
isApplet: null
theme: null
textArea: null
scrollPane: null
newline: null
jTabbedPane1: null
frameTitle: null
frame: null

com/locopk/client/CacheDownloader$IncorrectCacheException

com/locopk/client/lib/HttpUtils$UrlBase
DEFAULT: null
IMAGE_API: null
SUPPORT_API: null
urlpath: null
$VALUES: null

com/locopk/client/content/CustomisableHotKeys$1

com/locopk/client/content/CustomisableHotKeys$2

com/locopk/client/rs/RSSocket
inputStream: null
outputStream: null
socket: null
closed: null
rsApplet: null
buffer: null
writeIndex: null
buffIndex: null
isWriter: null
hasIOError: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Animable_Sub5
anInt1599: null
anIntArray1600: null
anInt1601: null
anInt1602: null
anInt1603: null
anInt1604: null
anInt1605: null
anInt1606: null
aAnimation_1607: null
anInt1608: null
clientInstance: null
anInt1610: null
anInt1611: null
anInt1612: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Class4

com/locopk/client/rs/Class6
aClass29_98: null
aClass29_99: null
aClass29_100: null
aClass29_101: null
aClass29_102: null
aClass29_103: null
aClass29_104: null
aClass29_105: null
anIntArray106: null
anIntArray107: null
anIntArray108: null
anInt109: null
anInt110: null
aClass39_111: null
aClass29_112: null
anInt113: null
anInt114: null
anIntArray115: null
anIntArray116: null
anIntArray117: null
anIntArray118: null
anIntArray119: null
anIntArray120: null
anIntArray121: null
anIntArray122: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Tab525
COMBAT_OPTIONS: null
STATS: null
JOURNAL: null
INVENTORY: null
EQUIPMENT: null
PRAYER: null
MAGIC: null
LOGOUT: null
FRIEND_LIST: null
IGNORE_LIST: null
CLAN_CHAT: null
OPTIONS: null
EMOTES: null
menuId: null
index: null
top: null
name: null
$VALUES: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Animable_Sub3
anInt1560: null
anInt1561: null
anInt1562: null
anInt1563: null
plane: null
aBoolean1567: null
gfxObject: null
anInt1569: null
anInt1570: null

com/locopk/client/lib/concurrent/EventContainer$1
val$evt: null
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Animable_Sub4
anInt1571: null
anInt1572: null
aDouble1574: null
aDouble1575: null
aDouble1576: null
aDouble1577: null
aDouble1578: null
aBoolean1579: null
anInt1580: null
anInt1581: null
anInt1582: null
anInt1583: null
aDouble1585: null
aDouble1586: null
aDouble1587: null
anInt1588: null
anInt1589: null
anInt1590: null
aSpotAnim_1592: null
anInt1593: null
anInt1594: null
anInt1595: null
anInt1596: null
anInt1597: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Sounds
aSoundsArray325s: null
anIntArray326: null
aByteArray327: null
aStream_328: null
aClass6Array329: null
anInt330: null
anInt331: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Model
modelID: null
newmodel: null
ccString: null
xxString: null
vvString: null
aString9_9: null
anInt1614: null
aBoolean1615: null
anInt1616: null
anInt1617: null
aBoolean1618: null
anInt1619: null
anInt1620: null
aModel_1621: null
anIntArray1622: null
anIntArray1623: null
anIntArray1624: null
anIntArray1625: null
anInt1626: null
anIntArray1627: null
anIntArray1628: null
anIntArray1629: null
anInt1630: null
anIntArray1631: null
anIntArray1632: null
anIntArray1633: null
anIntArray1634: null
anIntArray1635: null
anIntArray1636: null
render_type: null
render_priorities: null
anIntArray1639: null
anIntArray1640: null
anInt1641: null
anInt1642: null
anIntArray1643: null
anIntArray1644: null
anIntArray1645: null
anInt1646: null
anInt1647: null
anInt1648: null
anInt1649: null
anInt1650: null
anInt1651: null
anInt1652: null
anInt1653: null
anInt1654: null
vSkin: null
anIntArray1656: null
anIntArrayArray1657: null
anIntArrayArray1658: null
aBoolean1659: null
aClass33Array1660: null
aClass21Array1661: null
aOnDemandFetcherParent_1662: null
aBooleanArray1663: null
aBooleanArray1664: null
anIntArray1665: null
anIntArray1666: null
anIntArray1667: null
anIntArray1668: null
anIntArray1669: null
anIntArray1670: null
anIntArray1671: null
anIntArrayArray1672: null
anIntArray1673: null
anIntArrayArray1674: null
anIntArray1675: null
anIntArray1676: null
anIntArray1677: null
anIntArray1678: null
anIntArray1679: null
anIntArray1680: null
anInt1681: null
anInt1682: null
anInt1683: null
aBoolean1684: null
anInt1685: null
anInt1686: null
anInt1687: null
anIntArray1688: null
modelIntArray1: null
modelIntArray2: null
modelIntArray3: null
modelIntArray4: null

com/locopk/client/rs/AnimationDef
FORCE_OSRS: null
animDef: null
isOsrs: null
isOsrsFile: null
is602File: null
is602: null
fileCacheIndex: null
fileRevision: null
ANIMATIONS_602: null
FILES_602: null
ANIMATIONS_OSRS: null
FILES_OSRS: null

com/locopk/client/rs/rsinterface/impl/drop_down_menu/DropDownMenuInterface
backgroundColor: null
hoverColor: null
actions: null
isOpen: null
columnAmount: null
columnWidth: null

com/locopk/client/rs/ObjectDef
aBoolean736: null
ambientLightning: null
anInt738: null
name: null
anInt740: null
aModelArray741s: null
lightDiffusion: null
anInt744: null
anInt745: null
anInt746: null
originalModelColors: null
anInt748: null
anInt749: null
aBoolean751: null
lowMem: null
stream: null
type: null
streamIndices: null
aBoolean757: null
anInt758: null
childrenIDs: null
anInt760: null
anInt761: null
aBoolean762: null
aBoolean764: null
clientInstance: null
aBoolean766: null
aBoolean767: null
anInt768: null
delayShading: null
cacheIndex: null
anInt772: null
anIntArray773: null
anInt774: null
anInt775: null
anIntArray776: null
description: null
hasActions: null
aBoolean779: null
mruNodes2: null
anInt781: null
cache: null
anInt783: null
modifiedModelColors: null
mruNodes1: null
actions: null
hasInvalidModel: null
hasInvalidRotate: null

com/locopk/client/rs/CacheableObjects
x: 2394
y: 2128
id: 266
face: null
type: null
height: null

com/locopk/client/CacheDownloader$DownloadTask

com/locopk/client/lib/concurrent/EventCallback

com/locopk/client/lib/concurrent/EventContainer
executor: null
events: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Client
LOCAL_HOST: null
BETA_CLIENT: null
DEBUG_ANIMATIONS_AND_GFX: null
DEBUG_ENABLE_SPAM_FILTER_ANIMS: null
zoomEnabled: null
maxProfiles: null
saveUsernames: null
saveProfileClickAreas: null
rememberLoginDetails: null
currentClickProfile: null
WORLD_NAME: null
WORLD_ADDRESS: null
WORLD_PORT: null
WORLD_CLICK_AREA: null
currentWorldId: null
worldsInformation: null
SLAYER_MINIMAP: null
ALTAR_MINIMAP: null
BANK_MINIMAP: null
PK_MINIMAP: null
AMOURS_MINIMAP: null
minimapCustom: null
MODDED_MINIMAP_ICONS: null
IGNORE_MINIMAP_ICONS: null
xpDrawProducer: null
aRSImageProducer_1110: null
aRSImageProducer_1111: null
aClass30_Sub2_Sub1_Sub1_1201: null
aClass30_Sub2_Sub1_Sub1_1202: null
embedPanel: null
clientRender: null
commandBinds: null
helpClan: null
questTab: null
rankedInClanchat: null
bossMessage: null
displayBossMessage: null
magicSplash: null
removeBossMessage: null
planeBefore: null
forceObjectsUpdate: null
noloaderMsg: null
cacheDownloader: null
settings: null
eventContainer: null
colorOfSplat: null
hitText: null
hitSprite: null
splatX: null
splatY: null
fadeOffset: null
hitmarkWait: null
addY: null
familiarType: null
leftClickOption: null
autoScreenshotUpload: null
bigSplats: null
is459: null
is474: null
is480: null
is508: null
is525: null
is562: null
inClan: null
idToggle: null
hitbarToggle: null
namesToggle: null
hitmarks: null
modelsToggle: null
newDamage: null
normalLogin: null
newHits: null
myPet: null
skillNames: null
newSmallFont: null
newRegularFont: null
newBoldFont: null
newFancyFont: null
toolkit: null
screenSize: null
selectAction: null
isClicked: null
combatIcons: null
qc: null
MapX: null
MapY: null
spellID: null
viewingTab: null
GLOBAL_MESSAGES: null
PUBLIC_CHAT: null
YELL: null
ITEM_ID_CHECKER: null
PRIVATE_MESSAGE: null
FROM_PRIVATE_MESSAGE: null
smallHit: null
bigHit: null
block: null
drawingBlackBox: null
hoveredFriendList: null
lastHoverLoopCycle: null
summoningTab: null
HPBarFull: null
HPBar: null
HPBarEmpty: null
displayHpOverlay: null
lastDrawY: null
rightFrameSprite: null
menuStyle: null
canWalkDelay: null
hasTarget: null
targetWealth: null
instance: null
lastUpdate: null
vengTimer: null
freezeTimer: null
toggledFreezeTimer: null
resetConnection: null
logoImage: null
camPos: null
camZoom: null
decreaseZoom: null
increaseZoom: null
tabHPos: null
ALL_ORBS: null
SUMMONING_ORB: null
RUN_ORB: null
PRAYER_ORB: null
LOGOUT_ORB: null
SPECIAL_ATTACK_ORB: null
XP_ORB: null
HP_ORB: null
orbClicks: null
dropDownMenu: null
tries: null
configToZero: null
configToOne: null
random: null
CHAT_TEXT: null
OPTION_TEXT: null
OWN_CHAT: null
oldOption: null
yPaddingchatBackImage: null
xPaddingchatBackImage: null
yPaddingmapBackImage: null
xPaddingmapBackImage: null
xPaddingtabBack: null
yPaddingtabBack: null
mapIncreaseY: null
mapIncreaseX: null
chatIncreaseY: null
chatIncreaseX: null
tabIncreaseY: null
tabIncreaseX: null
toggleFullscreen: null
mapDrawAreaX: null
mapDrawAreaY: null
mapPaddingFromTop: null
mapPaddingFromLeft: null
mapPaddingFromBottom: null
mapPaddingFromRight: null
miniMapWidth: null
miniMapHeight: null
main3DAreaWidth: null
main3DAreaHeight: null
mapSpritesX: null
mapSpritesY: null
mapMovedX: null
mapMovedY: null
revision: null
aTextDrawingArea_1273: null
hasReadedSettings: null
rsInterface: null
totalItemResults: null
itemResultNames: null
itemResultIDs: null
itemResultScrollPos: null
hideYell: null
friendListHoveredChildId: null
combatDrawId: null
drawCurrentHealth: null
drawMaxHP: null
drawName: null
lastUpdatePlayer: null
timeOfNow: null
drawXpDrops: null
numberFormat: null
ignoreUpdate: null
clientSize: null
GEItemId: null
displayScrollbar: null
lastMessageNumber: null
blackJackTable: null
blackJackStatus: null
hosterButtons: null
showingOptions: null
aintThere: null
aRSImageProducer_1112: null
backgroundImage: null
changeText: null
textMode: null
loginBoxArea: null
loginBoxButton: null
loginRememberBox: null
loggingIn: null
forgotPasswordLinkArea: null
createAccountArea: null
mapX: null
mapY: null
lastObjectsUpdate: null
cacheableObjects: null
xpDrops: null
groupXpDrop: null
xpDrawPosition: null
xpDropColor: null
xpDropColors: null
hitXpDrop: null
runState: null
xpHover: null
drawXpBar: null
globe: null
orbs: null
cardsDeck: null
LOGOUT: null
xpDropIcons: null
xpOrb: null
sprite1: null
notificationFlag: null
globeState: null
Black: null
clanChatIcons: null
epBar: null
vengBar: null
freezeBar: null
hotSpot: null
targetArrow: null
selectedSprite: null
restOrb: null
musicOrb: null
prayClicked: null
runClicked: null
magicAuto: null
Autocast: null
autocastId: null
chatButtonHorizontalType: null
chatButtonVerticalType: null
targetX: null
targetY: null
targetModusLocation: null
boldXpDrop: null
currentHP: null
maxHP: null
isPoisoned: null
poisoned: null
venom: null
normalOrb: null
specOrb: null
resetPrioritizeIn: null
totalXp: null
lastDrawn: null
bonneChanceGame: null
pressedOnCircle: null
bonneChance: null
bonneChanceMark: null
bonneChanceItems: null
waitItem: null
currentlyShowing: null
stop: null
chosenItem: null
waitingClick: null
currentTime: null
epPerson: null
drawNotifications: null
notification: null
notificationX: null
notificationY: null
trans: null
lessWidth: null
stayStill: null
color: null
newNotification: null
queueNotifications: null
drawNotificationsOnScreen: null
numbers: null
numbersBig: null
numbersSkill: null
targetName: null
targetOrb: null
bcTimer: null
targetStatus: null
bonneChanceTimer: null
blackJackTimer: null
offsetByBarrowsInterface: null
bonneChanceY: null
freezeY: null
vengY: null
freezeToggle: null
specialAttack: null
vengToggle: null
bcToggle: null
bonneChanceSpins: null
rights: null
name: null
disabledMessage: null
clanname: null
chatRights: null
chatFriend: null
chatTypeView: null
clanChatMode: null
duelMode: null
chatButtons: null
mapArea: null
tabHover: null
tabClicked: null
customMapBack: null
chatArea: null
tabArea: null
leftFrame: null
topFrame: null
rightFrame: null
ignoreCount: null
aLong824: null
anIntArrayArray825: null
friendsNodeIDs: null
groundArray: null
anIntArray828: null
anIntArray829: null
aBoolean831: null
aSocket832: null
aStream_834: null
npcArray: null
npcCount: null
npcIndex: null
anInt839: null
anIntArray840: null
anInt841: null
anInt842: null
anInt843: null
aString844: null
privateChatMode: null
aStream_847: null
aBoolean848: null
anInt849: null
anIntArray850: null
anIntArray851: null
anIntArray852: null
anIntArray853: null
anInt854: null
anInt855: null
openInterfaceID: null
xCameraPos: null
zCameraPos: null
yCameraPos: null
yCameraCurve: null
xCameraCurve: null
myPrivilege: null
currentExp: null
combatCurrentExp: null
redStones: null
mapFlag: null
mapMarker: null
aBoolean872: null
anIntArray873: null
anInt874: null
aBooleanArray876: null
weight: null
drawFlames: null
reportAbuseInput: null
unknownInt10: null
menuOpen: null
anInt886: null
inputString: null
maxPlayers: null
myPlayerIndex: null
playerArray: null
playerCount: null
playerIndex: null
anInt893: null
anIntArray894: null
aStreamArray895s: null
anInt896: null
anInt897: null
friendsCount: null
anInt900: null
anIntArrayArray901: null
anInt902: null
aByteArray912: null
anInt913: null
crossX: null
crossY: null
crossIndex: null
crossType: null
plane: null
currentStats: null
anInt924: null
ignoreListAsLongs: null
loadingError: null
anInt927: null
anIntArray928: null
anIntArrayArray929: null
aSprite_931: null
aSprite_932: null
anInt933: null
anInt934: null
anInt935: null
anInt936: null
anInt937: null
anInt938: null
anInt940: null
chatTypes: null
chatNames: null
chatMessages: null
anInt945: null
worldController: null
sideIcons: null
menuScreenArea: null
menuOffsetX: null
menuOffsetY: null
menuWidth: null
menuHeight: null
sendMessageLong: null
sendMessageName: null
aBoolean954: null
friendsListAsLongs: null
clanList: null
clanUpdate: null
friendsUpdate: null
currentSong: null
nodeID: null
isMembers: null
lowMem: null
drawingFlames: null
spriteDrawX: null
spriteDrawY: null
anIntArray965: null
anIntArray968: null
anIntArray969: null
decompressors: null
variousSettings: null
aBoolean972: null
anInt975: null
anIntArray976: null
anIntArray977: null
anIntArray978: null
anIntArray979: null
anIntArray980: null
anIntArray981: null
anIntArray982: null
aStringArray983: null
anInt984: null
anInt985: null
anInt986: null
hitMarks: null
hitMark: null
anInt988: null
anInt989: null
playerColors: null
hitIcon: null
aBoolean993: null
aBoolean994: null
anInt995: null
anInt996: null
anInt997: null
anInt998: null
anInt999: null
encryption: null
mapEdge: null
multiOverlay: null
anInt1002: null
anIntArrayArray1003: null
amountOrNameInput: null
anInt1005: null
daysSinceLastLogin: null
pktSize: null
pktType: null
anInt1009: null
anInt1010: null
anInt1011: null
aClass19_1013: null
anInt1014: null
anInt1015: null
anInt1016: null
aBoolean1017: null
anInt1018: null
anIntArray1019: null
anInt1021: null
anInt1022: null
loadingStage: null
scrollBar1: null
scrollBar2: null
scrollBar3: null
scrollBar4: null
anInt1026: null
backBase1: null
backBase2: null
backHmid1: null
anIntArray1030: null
aBoolean1031: null
mapFunctions: null
baseX: null
baseY: null
anInt1036: null
anInt1037: null
loginFailures: null
anInt1039: null
anInt1040: null
anInt1041: null
dialogID: null
maxStats: null
anIntArray1045: null
anInt1046: null
charIsMale: null
anInt1048: null
aString1049: null
anInt1051: null
anIntArray1052: null
titleStreamLoader: null
anInt1054: null
anInt1055: null
aClass19_1056: null
anIntArray1057: null
aClass9_1059: null
mapScenes: null
anInt1061: null
anInt1062: null
barFillColor: null
friendsListAction: null
playerLooks: null
mouseInvInterfaceIndex: null
lastActiveInvInterface: null
onDemandFetcher: null
anInt1069: null
anInt1070: null
anInt1071: null
anIntArray1072: null
anIntArray1073: null
mapDotItem: null
mapDotNPC: null
mapDotPlayer: null
mapDotFriend: null
mapDotTeam: null
mapDotClan: null
anInt1079: null
aBoolean1080: null
friendsListNames: null
inStream: null
anInt1084: null
anInt1085: null
activeInterfaceType: null
anInt1087: null
anInt1088: null
anInt1089: null
expectedCRCs: null
menuActionCmd2: null
menuActionCmd3: null
menuActionID: null
menuActionCmd1: null
headIcons: null
skullIcons: null
headIconsHint: null
anInt1097: null
anInt1098: null
anInt1099: null
anInt1100: null
anInt1101: null
anInt1102: null
tabAreaAltered: null
updateTimer: null
aRSImageProducer_1107: null
aRSImageProducer_1108: null
aRSImageProducer_1109: null
leftSideFlame: null
rightSideFlame: null
gameLogo: null
aRSImageProducer_1113: null
aRSImageProducer_1114: null
aRSImageProducer_1115: null
anInt1117: null
membersInt: null
inputText: null
compass: null
aRSImageProducer_1123: null
aRSImageProducer_1124: null
aRSImageProducer_1125: null
myPlayer: null
atPlayerActions: null
atPlayerArray: null
anIntArrayArrayArray1129: null
tabInterfaceIDs: null
anInt1131: null
anInt1132: null
menuActionRow: null
anInt1134: null
spellSelected: null
anInt1137: null
spellUsableOn: null
spellTooltip: null
aSpriteArray1140: null
aBoolean1141: null
anInt1142: null
energy: null
aBoolean1149: null
crosses: null
musicEnabled: null
aBackgroundArray1152s: null
needDrawTabArea: null
unreadMessages: null
anInt1155: null
fpsOn: null
loggedIn: null
canMute: null
aBoolean1159: null
aBoolean1160: null
loopCycle: null
validUserPassChars: null
inventoryBackImage: null
mapEdgeIP: null
mapBackImage: null
main3DArea: null
chatBackImage: null
daysSinceRecovChange: null
socketStream: null
lastChatId: null
applyTrans: null
anInt1171: null
aLong1172: null
myUsername: null
myUsernameHash: null
myPassword: null
anInt1175: null
genericLoadingError: null
anIntArray1177: null
reportAbuseInterfaceID: null
aClass19_1179: null
anIntArray1180: null
anIntArray1181: null
anIntArray1182: null
aByteArrayArray1183: null
anInt1184: null
minimapInt1: null
anInt1186: null
anInt1187: null
anInt1188: null
invOverlayInterfaceID: null
anIntArray1190: null
anIntArray1191: null
stream: null
anInt1193: null
splitPrivateChat: null
mapBack: null
menuActionName: null
anIntArray1203: null
anIntArray1204: null
anIntArray1207: null
anInt1208: null
anInt1210: null
chatScrollTotalLength: null
inputByPlayer: null
anInt1213: null
intGroundArray: null
aLong1215: null
loginScreenCursorPos: null
modIcons: null
aLong1220: null
tabID: null
anInt1222: null
inputTaken: null
inputDialogState: null
anInt1226: null
nextSong: null
songChanging: null
anIntArray1229: null
aClass11Array1230: null
anIntArray1232: null
anIntArray1234: null
anIntArray1235: null
anIntArray1236: null
anInt1237: null
anInt1238: null
anInt1239: null
anIntArray1240: null
anIntArray1241: null
aBoolean1242: null
atInventoryLoopCycle: null
atInventoryInterface: null
atInventoryIndex: null
atInventoryInterfaceType: null
aByteArrayArray1247: null
tradeMode: null
anInt1249: null
anIntArray1250: null
anInt1251: null
rsAlreadyLoaded: null
anInt1253: null
anInt1254: null
welcomeScreenRaised: null
messagePromptRaised: null
anInt1257: null
byteGroundArray: null
prevSong: null
destX: null
destY: null
aSprite_1263: null
anInt1264: null
anInt1265: null
loginMessage1: null
loginMessage2: null
localY: null
localX: null
smallText: null
normalText: null
chatBoldText: null
anInt1275: null
backDialogID: null
anInt1278: null
bigX: null
bigY: null
itemSelected: null
anInt1283: null
anInt1284: null
anInt1285: null
selectedItemName: null
publicChatMode: null
anInt1288: null
anInt1289: null
anInt1290: null
drawCount: null
fullscreenInterfaceID: null
anInt1044: null
anInt1129: null
anInt1315: null
anInt1500: null
anInt1501: null
xpModifier: null
fullScreenTextureArray: null
BARROW_BROTHER_NAMES: null
barrowBrotherKills: null
BRIGHTNESS_IDENTIFIER: null
standardBrightness: null
canZoom: null
playerClickSetting: null
npcClickSetting: null
DISPLAY_LINES: null
DISPLAY_LINES_SERVER: null
spriteChanged: null
questTabMode: null
hotkey: null

com/locopk/client/EmbedPanelActions
client: null
panel: null

com/locopk/client/rs/TextInput
aBoolean630: null
aCharArray631: null
stream: null
VALID_CHARS: null

com/locopk/client/Settings23$1
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/SettingsKeys
USER_KEY0: null
USER_KEY1_0: null
USER_KEY1_1: null
USER_KEY2_0: null
USER_KEY2_1: null
USER_KEY3_0: null
USER_KEY3_1: null
MENU_STYLE: null
DISPLAYHP_OVERLAY: null
NEWDAMAGE: null
HITMARKS: null
MODELS: null
HITBAR: null
FREEZETIMER: null
OLDOPTION: null
DRAWXPBAR: null
DRAWXPCOLOR: null
DRAWXPGROUP: null
DRAWXPPOSITION: null
DRAWXPHIT: null
HIDE_BH: null
XPMODIFIER: null
FAVOURITE_WORLD: null
AUTOSCREENSHOT: null
$VALUES: null

com/locopk/client/Settings23
KEY_UNICODE: null
CONTENT_UNICODE: null
FILE_NAME: null
KEY_CHARACTERS: null
SETTINGS: null
changeHappened: null
attemptedRead: null
settings: null

com/locopk/client/rs/rsinterface/impl/drop_down_menu/DropDownAction
identifier: null
message: null
isHighlighted: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Flo
cache: null
anInt390: null
anInt391: null
aBoolean393: null
anInt394: null
anInt395: null
anInt396: null
anInt397: null
anInt398: null
anInt399: null

com/locopk/client/rs/WorldController
aBoolean434: null
lowMem: null
anInt437: null
anInt438: null
anInt439: null
anIntArrayArrayArray440: null
groundArray: null
anInt442: null
obj5CacheCurrPos: null
obj5Cache: null
anIntArrayArrayArray445: null
anInt446: null
anInt447: null
anInt448: null
anInt449: null
anInt450: null
anInt451: null
anInt452: null
anInt453: null
anInt454: null
anInt455: null
anInt456: null
anInt457: null
anInt458: null
anInt459: null
anInt460: null
anInt461: null
aClass28Array462: null
anIntArray463: null
anIntArray464: null
anIntArray465: null
anIntArray466: null
aBoolean467: null
anInt468: null
anInt469: null
anInt470: null
anInt471: null
anInt472: null
anIntArray473: null
aClass47ArrayArray474: null
anInt475: null
aClass47Array476: null
aClass19_477: null
anIntArray478: null
anIntArray479: null
anIntArray480: null
anIntArray481: null
anIntArray482: null
anIntArray483: null
anIntArray484: null
anIntArray485: null
anIntArray486: null
anIntArray487: null
anInt488: null
anIntArrayArray489: null
anIntArrayArray490: null
aBooleanArrayArrayArrayArray491: null
aBooleanArrayArray492: null
anInt493: null
anInt494: null
anInt495: null
anInt496: null
anInt497: null
anInt498: null

com/locopk/client/rs/ISAACRandomGen
count: null
results: null
memory: null
accumulator: null
lastResult: null
counter: null

com/locopk/client/rs/NodeList
head: null
current: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Ground
anInt1307: null
anInt1308: null
anInt1309: null
anInt1310: null
aClass43_1311: null
aClass40_1312: null
obj1: null
obj2: null
obj3: null
obj4: null
anInt1317: null
obj5Array: null
anIntArray1319: null
anInt1320: null
anInt1321: null
aBoolean1322: null
aBoolean1323: null
aBoolean1324: null
anInt1325: null
anInt1326: null
anInt1327: null
anInt1328: null
aClass30_Sub3_1329: null

com/locopk/client/CacheDownloader$1
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/content/CustomisableHotKeys
ESC_VALUE_SETTING_IDENTIFIER: null
escClosesInterface: null
customisableHotKeys: null
notDefault: null
savedHotkeys: null
defaultCustomisableHotKeys: null

com/locopk/client/lib/UserMath$DoubleOperator

com/locopk/client/CacheDownloader$4
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/rs/GraphicalComponent
canvasRaster: null
canvasWidth: null
canvasHeight: null
bufferedImage: null

com/locopk/client/CacheDownloader$2
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/EmbedPanelActions$1
messages: null
openURL: null
val$point: null
val$width: null
val$height: null
val$autoUpload: null
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/Signlink
CACHE_SET: null
setCacheRandomAccess: null
client: null
cacheDir: null
loaderDir: null
spriteDir: null
dataDir: null
EXCEPTIONS_LOG: null
error: null
cache_dat: null
cache_idx: null
savelen: null
savereq: null
savebuf: null
midiplay: null
midipos: null
midi: null
midivol: null
midifade: null
waveplay: null
wavepos: null
wavevol: null

com/locopk/client/CacheDownloader$3
val$toClipboardContent: null
this$0: null

com/locopk/client/settings/PersonalSettings
BUFFER_SIZE: null
KEY_UNICODE: null
CONTENT_UNICODE: null
location: null
privateKey: null
updatedFile: null
mappedSettings: null
read: null
KEY_CHARACTERS: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Entity
hitmarkMove: null
moveTimer: null
hitmarkTrans: null
hitIcon: null
soakDamage: null
hitMarkPos: null
delayABit: null
hitTaken: null
lastDrawY: null
entScreenX: null
entScreenY: null
index: null
smallX: null
smallY: null
hitType: null
interactingEntity: null
anInt1503: null
anInt1504: null
runAnim: null
textSpoken: null
height: null
turnDirection: null
standAnim: null
turnAnim: null
anInt1513: null
hitArray: null
hitMarkTypes: null
hitWaitArray: null
hitOffsetArray: null
hitMoveOffset: null
hitsLoopCycle: null
executingAnim: null
anInt1518: null
frameDelay: null
gfxId: null
gfxFrameId: null
anInt1522: null
gfxEndCycle: null
gfxHeight: null
smallXYIndex: null
animId: null
anInt1527: null
anInt1528: null
anInt1529: null
anInt1530: null
anInt1531: null
loopCycleStatus: null
currentHealth: null
maxHealth: null
textCycle: null
anInt1537: null
anInt1538: null
anInt1539: null
anInt1540: null
aBoolean1541: null
anInt1542: null
anInt1543: null
anInt1544: null
anInt1545: null
anInt1546: null
anInt1547: null
anInt1548: null
anInt1549: null
absX: null
absY: null
anInt1552: null
aBooleanArray1553: null
walkAnim: null
turn180Anim: null
turn90CW: null
turn90CWW: null

com/locopk/client/settings/ReadSettings

com/locopk/client/rs/Varp
cache: null
anInt702: null
anIntArray703: null
anInt709: null
aBoolean713: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Frames
anIntArray342: null
anIntArrayArray343: null

com/locopk/client/rs/IdentityKit
CACHE_INDEX: null
length: null
cache: null
anInt657: null
anIntArray658: null
anIntArray659: null
anIntArray660: null
anIntArray661: null
aBoolean662: null

com/locopk/client/rs/NodeCache
size: null
cache: null

com/locopk/client/ClientUpdate
BUFFER: null
infoBuffer: null
CLIENT_VERSION: null
newVersion: null
clientLink: null
pathJarFile: null
label1: null
label2: null
progressBar: null
progressBar1: null
frame: null
status: null

com/locopk/client/rs/TextClass
validChars: null

com/locopk/client/Signlink$1
val$e: null
val$s: null

com/locopk/client/lib/UserMath
SUPPORTED_OPERATORS: null

com/locopk/client/rs/AnimFrame
ALL_FRAMES: null
ALL_FRAMES_OSRS: null
LAST_ANIMATIONS: null
SPAM_FILTER: null
animFill: null
anInt636: null
aClass18_637: null
anInt638: null
anIntArray639: null
anIntArray640: null
anIntArray641: null
anIntArray642: null

com/locopk/client/rs/XpDropObject
XPDROP_ENDFLAG: null
XPDROP_STARTFLAG: null
XPDROP_SPLIT: null
ids: null
drawAmount: null
currentDraw: null

com/locopk/client/rs/ObjectManager
anInt123: null
anIntArray124: null
anIntArray125: null
anIntArray126: null
anIntArray127: null
anIntArray128: null
anIntArrayArrayArray129: null
aByteArrayArrayArray130: null
anInt131: null
anInt133: null
aByteArrayArrayArray134: null
anIntArrayArrayArray135: null
aByteArrayArrayArray136: null
anIntArray137: null
anInt138: null
anIntArrayArray139: null
anIntArray140: null
aByteArrayArrayArray142: null
anIntArray144: null
anInt145: null
anInt146: null
anInt147: null
aByteArrayArrayArray148: null
aByteArrayArrayArray149: null
lowMem: null
anIntArray152: null

com/locopk/client/CacheDownloader$SpriteNotFoundException

com/locopk/client/rs/Item
ID: null
x: 2394
y: 2128
anInt1559: null

com/locopk/client/lib/UserMath$3

com/locopk/client/lib/UserMath$2

com/locopk/client/lib/UserMath$4

com/locopk/client/rs/Class39
anIntArray665: null
anIntArrayArrayArray666: null
anIntArrayArrayArray667: null
anIntArray668: null
aFloatArrayArray669: null
anIntArrayArray670: null
aFloat671: null
anInt672: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Node
id: 266
prev: 133
next: 133

com/locopk/client/rs/rsDrawingArea
height: null
bottomX: null
anIntArray1399: null
topX: null
width: null
pixels: null
topY: null
bottomY: null
anIntArray1405: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Class30_Sub1
anInt1291: null
anInt1292: null
anInt1293: null
anInt1294: null
anInt1295: null
anInt1296: null
anInt1297: null
anInt1298: null
anInt1299: null
anInt1300: null
anInt1301: null
anInt1302: null

com/locopk/client/lib/UserMath$1

com/locopk/client/rs/Class32
aByteArray563: null
anInt564: null
anInt565: null
anInt566: null
anInt567: null
aByteArray568: null
anInt569: null
anInt570: null
anInt571: null
anInt572: null
aByte573: null
anInt574: null
aBoolean575: null
anInt576: null
anInt577: null
anInt578: null
anInt579: null
anInt580: null
anInt581: null
anInt582: null
anIntArray583: null
anInt584: null
anIntArray585: null
anIntArray587: null
anInt588: null
aBooleanArray589: null
aBooleanArray590: null
aByteArray591: null
aByteArray592: null
anIntArray593: null
aByteArray594: null
aByteArray595: null
aByteArrayArray596: null
anIntArrayArray597: null
anIntArrayArray598: null
anIntArrayArray599: null
anIntArray600: null
anInt601: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Class33
anInt602: null
anInt603: null
anInt604: null
anInt605: null

com/locopk/client/rs/ClientRender
ORGINAL_FWIDTH: null
ORGINAL_FHEIGHT: null
ORGINAL_SCREEN_AREA_WIDTH: null
ORGINAL_SCREEN_AREA_HEIGHT: null
ORGINAL_DIM: null
isResizable: null
updatedType: null
baseOffX: null
baseOffY: null
frameWidth: null
frameHeight: null
screenAreaWidth: null
screenAreaHeight: null
windowDimensions: null
client: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Background
aByteArray1450: null
anIntArray1451: null
anInt1452: null
anInt1453: null
anInt1454: null
anInt1455: null
anInt1456: null
anInt1457: null

com/locopk/client/rs/VarBit
cache: null
anInt648: null
anInt649: null
anInt650: null
aBoolean651: null

com/locopk/client/rs/XpDropObject$DrawPosition
LEFT: null
MIDDLE: null
RIGHT: null
xPos: null
$VALUES: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Notification
notificationType: null
notificationText: null
notificationColor: null
status: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Object3
anInt811: null
anInt812: null
anInt813: null
aClass30_Sub2_Sub4_814: null
uid: null
aByte816: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Object2
anInt499: null
anInt500: null
anInt501: null
anInt502: null
anInt503: null
aClass30_Sub2_Sub4_504: null
uid: null
aByte506: null

com/locopk/client/rs/SizeConstants
PACKET_SIZES: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Object1
anInt273: null
anInt274: null
anInt275: null
orientation: null
orientation1: null
aClass30_Sub2_Sub4_278: null
aClass30_Sub2_Sub4_279: null
uid: null
aByte281: null

com/locopk/client/rs/EntityDef
turn90CWW: null
anInt56: null
anInt57: null
turn180Anim: null
anInt59: null
stream: null
streamIndices: null
combatLevel: null
anInt64: null
name: null
itemActions: null
standAnim: null
aByte68: null
anIntArray70: null
anIntArray73: null
anInt75: null
anIntArray76: null
walkAnim: null
interfaceType: null
anInt79: null
cache: null
clientInstance: null
turn90CW: null
aBoolean84: null
anInt85: null
anInt86: null
aBoolean87: null
childrenIDs: null
description: null
anInt91: null
anInt92: null
aBoolean93: null
anIntArray94: null
mruNodes: null
isPet: null
toCheck: null
noTalk: null

com/locopk/client/EmbedPanel
DEFAULT_SIZE: null
client: null
panelActions: null
supportedControl: null
frame: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Object5
anInt517: null
anInt518: null
anInt519: null
anInt520: null
aClass30_Sub2_Sub4_521: null
anInt522: null
anInt523: null
anInt524: null
anInt525: null
anInt526: null
anInt527: null
anInt528: null
uid: null
aByte530: null

com/locopk/client/rs/MRUNodes
emptyNodeSub: null
initialCount: null
spaceLeft: null
nodeCache: null
nodeSubList: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Object4
anInt45: null
anInt46: null
anInt47: null
aClass30_Sub2_Sub4_48: null
aClass30_Sub2_Sub4_49: null
aClass30_Sub2_Sub4_50: null
uid: null
anInt52: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Class47
anInt787: null
anInt788: null
anInt789: null
anInt790: null
anInt791: null
anInt792: null
anInt793: null
anInt794: null
anInt795: null
anInt796: null
anInt797: null
anInt798: null
anInt799: null
anInt800: null
anInt801: null
anInt802: null
anInt803: null
anInt804: null

com/locopk/client/rs/NodeSub
prevNodeSub: null
nextNodeSub: null
anInt1305: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Stream
buffer: null
currentOffset: null
bitPosition: null
anIntArray1409: null
encryption: null
anInt1412: null
nodeList: null

com/locopk/client/rs/TabManager
TABS_LINE_525: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Class40
color61: null
color71: null
color81: null
color91: null
color62: null
color72: null
color82: null
color92: null
textured: null
anIntArray673: null
anIntArray674: null
anIntArray675: null
anIntArray676: null
anIntArray677: null
anIntArray678: null
anIntArray679: null
anIntArray680: null
anIntArray681: null
anIntArray682: null
aBoolean683: null
anInt684: null
anInt685: null
anInt686: null
anInt687: null
anIntArray688: null
anIntArray689: null
anIntArray690: null
anIntArray691: null
anIntArray692: null
anIntArray693: null
anIntArray694: null
anIntArray695: null
anIntArrayArray696: null
anIntArrayArray697: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Flo2
aBoolean393: null
overLayFlo317s: null
textureId: null
rgb: null
boolean_5: null
anotherRgb: null
int_9: null
boolean_10: null
int_11: null
boolean_12: null
int_13: null
int_14: null
int_15: null
int_16: null
hue: null
saturation: null
luminance: null
anotherHue: null
anotherSaturation: null
anotherLuminance: null
anInt397: null
anInt398: null
anInt399: null

com/locopk/client/rs/Sprite
spriteImage: null
oldWidth: null
oldHeight: null
imageName: null
myPixels: null
myWidth: null
myHeight: null
anInt1442: null
anInt1443: null
xDrawOffset: null
yDrawOffset: null
maxWidth: null
maxHeight: null
SpritePosX: null
SpritePosY: null

com/locopk/client/rs/TabObject

com/locopk/client/rs/Class43
anInt716: null
anInt717: null
anInt718: null
anInt719: null
anInt720: null
aBoolean721: null
anInt722: null

